Previously, on How to
Get Away With Murder...
Mr. Lahey, are you aware that
D.A. Miller has gone missing?
Someone ordered those guards
to kill my pops.
The Governor's gonna come after
the both of us even harder now.
No. Because it was the Governor
who killed Miller.
You should file a civil suit
against the state
on behalf
of Nate Lahey Junior.
Why wouldn't you
bring this to Annalise?
You need this win
more than she does.
[Emmett]
This is Annalise's client.
She's too busy to
handle a civil suit.
You okay with me
suing the state?
We have just received word
that Interim District Attorney
Ronald Miller
has officially
been named a missing person.
-Tell us the truth.
Was this Bonnie?
-Nate.
My misconduct wasn't
some gross thing in a copy room.
It was me falling in love
with a client.
C&G wants me to admit
fault under oath.
[Agent Telesco] This is
Agent Telesco with the FBI.
We have a few questions
about a voicemail
you left for
D.A. Ronald Miller.
Miller's cellphone battery
was busted.
What if that's why
he was on the payphone--
because his phone
was actually dead?
[Miller]
I'm calling to thank you
for handling the
Nate Lahey Senior transfer.
His son works for me.
He's a good guy.
[cellphone vibrating]
[cellphone beeps]
Hey.
[Annalise]
Where are you?
Bonnie said that
you were at the FBI.
Yeah.
What?
Um, I'm coming right now.
You can't come
anywhere near this.
And you can't answer
any of their questions.
[door opens]
I gotta go.
-[line clicks]
-[sighs]
Mr. Lahey,
thank you for waiting.
I am
Special Agent Lanford.
This is
Special Agent Bayer.
Let's start with
where were you
on the night
of December 15th?
I was at a wedding.
Why were you
at this wedding?
I was a guest
of Annalise Keating.
Is your relationship with
Ms. Keating romantic?
Just friends.
Friends after
you went to jail
for her husband's
murder?
I was falsely accused.
Acquitted.
Annalise knew that,
to the point
that she took my pops' case
to the Supreme Court.
That case
didn't end well.
You mean because those guards
murdered my pops?
Miller lost the inquest,
is what I mean.
Miller didn't want
to win that inquest.
What does that mean?
He ordered the inquest
to cover his ass.
For what?
Ordering the hit
on my pops.
Mr. Lahey, if you believe
that's true,
it makes you a suspect
in the D.A.'s disappearance.
I'm not your suspect.
So who is?
The Governor.
[Nate] Why'd you call
the Warden that day?
-Own it!
-What?! Look.
You feel that pain?
This is Sykes.
Jeff, hey.
Ron Miller here.
Oh. I didn't recognize
the number.
Yeah, my phone died.
Uh, listen, I'm calling
to thank you
for handling the
Nate Lahey Senior transfer.
-It's not a problem.
-Well, still, I just
wanted to say thanks.
His son works for me,
he's a good guy,
so I'd like to make the
transfer as easy as possible
-on his old man.
-Yeah, we'll take good care
of him. No problem.
-[button clicks]
-Don't tell me you think
this means he's innocent.
We don't know
what this means.
Miller knew about
the Warden's wiretap.
That call was him
covering his ass!
You know I'm right.
Maybe we were wrong.
Fine.
Y'all want proof,
-I'll go get it.
-Stop.
-I didn't kill
an innocent man!
-No one's saying that.
-What is this?
What are you saying?
-Think, all right?
If you can prove that Miller
hurt your father,
then you can also prove that
you had motive to kill him.
It proves the Governor
had motive.
Who do you think
the FBI is gonna believe?
The white woman who runs
the whole state? Or you?
You're making yourself
look like a suspect.
I ain't
the bad guy here.
He is.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Call in sick.
The FBI said they might want
to question me again today.
Then come back
after work.
[sighs lightly]
Hurting yourself
is not the answer.
Or that's just what we keep
telling ourselves.
No. It's because
I need you here.
I'm just
going to work.
[door closes]
[cellphone vibrating]
Oh, fudge.
-[cellphone beeps]
-[sighs]
-AK!
-Are you at the office?
[Asher] No.
Get there and
keep an eye on Bonnie.
Why? What's wrong?
Just take care of her.
You're good at that.
Okay,
I thought you were
calling about
something else.
What else
would I be calling about?
Asher?
I'm not the only one
who knows.
Don't worry. We would
never say anything.
Where have I
heard that before?
Should we really be talking
about this here?
This is the last time we're
gonna be talking about it.
Until the FBI calls us all in.
That's not gonna happen--
Miller was last seen
at our wedding--
-Did you see him?
-No, but--
What about you two?
-I don't think so.
-Not that I can recall.
That's what
you're gonna tell the FBI.
Where's Laurel?
I'm not
her babysitter--
[quietly] Well, find her
and shut the hell up.
There are the lovebirds!
How was the wedding?
-So great.
-Wonderful, yeah.
I got to go.
Emmett's waiting for me.
-Today's the "you-know-what"?
-Yeah.
Come by my office after,
I wanted to talk
about the wrongful
death suit...
Uh, about that--
um...
I don't think that Nate is ready
to file anything just yet.
Did you tell him
how much money he could get?
He's more interested
in justice.
I performed
a Christmas miracle
to get Crawford
to approve this case.
So get Nate on board,
or I'll call him myself.
[cellphone beeps,
keys clacking]
What are you doing?
Nate can't go in a war
against the state
right now.
-[rings]
-I'm not calling Nate.
[Laurel] It's Laurel.
Leave a message,
but I'll probably never listen.
[cellphone beeps]
[tires screech]
[car door opens]
-[car door closes]
-Hey.
What did
Christopher see?
-What?
-You said
you were changing him.
Was that a lie?
[Christopher crying]
Oh, no. No.
I don't know
what you mean.
Asher told us
everything.
What did he see?
-Laurel?
-Tell me.
We shouldn't be talking
about this here.
Because he was there
when Nate did it?
-No.
-Don't lie to me
about my own son.
-Laurel.
-Do you know what happens
to infants
when they see trauma?
Laurel, we cannot
do this here.
Their brains
don't develop right.
He could have PTSD
for the rest
of his life, Bonnie.
I don't think
he saw anything.
-You don't think?!
-Enough, okay?!
Stop! Look, she lost
her boyfriend.
She is in pain, too.
[voice breaking] Good.
'Cause that's the only thing
that's keeping me
from killing her right now.
You okay?
You promised Nate
you wouldn't tell them.
[door closes]
[car chirps]
[bird caws]
Mr. Sakai.
In the matter of
Nathaniel Lahey Senior's death,
we, the jury, find
no evidence of criminal acts
or negligence
by anyone involved.
The judge said we're not
supposed to talk to you.
[sighs]
I just have a few questions.
We had to make that ruling
based on the evidence.
The only evidence was
those guards' testimonies.
-That's not true.
-They lied on the stand
because they were ordered
to do so.
Your father's DNA
was on the gun.
I was at the inquest.
No one ever presented
any DNA evidence.
It was in the evidence packet
we got during deliberations.
Packet?
You got from who?
I think the Bailiff
brought it.
[bird caws]
[cellphone chimes]
[keys clicking]
Texting how you keep
your head in the game?
My head is always
in the game.
Reception just called.
The Brits are on their way up.
[exhales sharply]
-"The Brits."
-Please try not
to be combative.
-[door opens, closes]
-Why? You nervous?
To see Nora, no,
but Pierce Jensen,
on the other hand...
Well, you steer him
my way.
I enjoy smacking down
uppity white men.
Well, he's your boss,
too, Annalise.
Well, so are you.
It never stopped me.
Hey.
-Hmm?
-Game face on.
Mm. It's on.
[British accent]
Ah, Crawford, good to see you.
-Thank you for
making the trip over.
-Mm.
-Nora.
-Hi.
-Who are you?
-Annalise Keating.
Ah, of course.
We must have a drink
while I'm in town.
Right now, we all have
a meeting to go to.
I know.
I'm in it.
I thought the more brain power
on this, the better.
Shall we?
This is the board-approved
script we drew up
for tomorrow's deposition
with the FTC.
Crawford will go first.
You'll testify that,
while representing
Nora's DNA-testing company,
you engaged in an intimate
relationship with her.
[British accent] They know
it was consensual, right?
Yes. The only violation
they're investigating
is the sale of
your customers' genetic info
to Beck Pharmaceuticals--
a sale you'll say
you agreed to
because Crawford
failed to advise you
of the legal
consequences.
Everyone sticks to
the script tomorrow,
C&G covers the fines,
no one goes bankrupt.
What if we wanted
to do another script?
Ms. Keating brought up the idea
that we move liability
from C&G and Nora
to Beck Pharmaceutical.
-Ah.
-Beck was fined
for buying genetic information
two years prior.
That means they understood
the consequences,
and yet ignored FTC rules.
Nora was played.
Emmett, if you're having
second thoughts...
[Jensen] No one's having
second thoughts.
If we point the finger at Beck,
if they go public,
Nora's stock plummets.
But if Emmett
doesn't want to do this...
But C&G wants
Emmett to do this.
So unless you want
to lose your company
and you two want to avoid
C&G going down
and losing both your jobs,
we proceed as planned.
Everyone happy?
Great.
[indistinct conversations]
[telephone rings in distance]
Where's Gabriel?
Who cares?
Where the hell have you been?
[quietly]
Threatening Bonnie.
None of you are
parents, okay?
-You don't get it.
-Look at him.
He seems happy.
He might seem happy,
but I read that
kids who witness
violence are
more likely to struggle
with mental health issues later.
-Why would you
tell her that?
-Connor!
-See?
-I'm just saying that Laurel
has a right to be upset.
-No, you just made her upset.
-I agree.
-Christopher's gonna be fine.
-Well, I'm not.
Tell Annalise
I'm taking a sick day.
Wait, wait, wait.
She knows we know.
-Asher?
-Obviously.
So start prepping
your interview for the FBI.
[door opens]
[Agent Telesco]
Thank you for finally
coming in, Mr. Maddox.
I'm here voluntarily.
Federal law doesn't require me
to answer any of your questions.
True.
But not answering
will make the voicemail
you left for D.A. Miller
more suspicious.
[clicks lightly]
[Gabriel] I screwed up.
They found out who I am.
Can you call me back?
[clicks lightly]
Who are the "they"
you're referring to?
-Annalise Keating.
-You said "they."
Yeah, meaning her and some of
the people that work for her.
Is one of those people
Nate Lahey?
No.
I mean,
not that I know of.
Explain what you meant by,
"They found out who I am."
I was helping D.A. Miller
with an investigation
into Professor Keating.
What kind
of investigation?
I'm not sure.
He just said the D.A. before him
had suspected Keating
of being involved in
a bunch of criminal acts.
How did D.A. Miller
think you could help
with this investigation?
Mm...
I was a new student.
I guess he figured I wouldn't
be so loyal to her yet.
Mr. Maddox, when was the last
time you saw D.A. Miller?
-In person?
-[pen clicks]
A-a month,
maybe two months ago.
So you didn't see him
at the wedding?
No, I-I didn't even know
he was there.
Did you know Nate Lahey
was there?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was-- he was there
with Professor Keating.
Why?
I'm asking the questions
here, Mr. Maddox.
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
-Out.
-No, I-I need you to know
that they figured it out
on their own.
Fine. Now go.
BonBon, please.
[sighs]
What can I do
to help?
Tell Annalise
I'm fine.
-What?
-She told you
to watch me?
Did she
tell you why?
No. I mean,
I-I know how awful
all this is for you.
You were right, Asher.
About what?
Ron's call
to the Warden.
He was just checking to see
if Senior's transfer went okay.
Look, you--
you can't-- you can't
take this all on yourself.
Of course I can.
No, y-you did
nothing wrong.
It was me, Asher.
He was still breathing
when I got there.
Nate was in shock.
I could've called 911.
It was me.
[car door opens]
Hey.
[Nate]
You find something?
Yeah. I tracked
the number to a payphone
on Reed and 20th.
Check your e-mail.
Why'd you call the Warden
that day?
What do you need?
Miller slipped
a DNA test to the jury
during my pops' inquest.
I think it was
doctored somehow.
I just need
a copy of the test.
Since when do you
turn down a job?
Since the D.A.
went missing.
-What happened that night?
-Hell if I know.
I sent you the photo of the guy
on the payphone,
then he disappears.
'Cause the people
he was working for
were afraid
he was gonna snitch.
Come on. I wouldn't ask
if I had another way.
Let's see what I find.
[elevator bell chimes]
[indistinct conversations]
Hey, can we talk?
We have nothing
to talk about.
Not here,
not anywhere.
-[elevator door shuts]
-[Tegan] What's the verdict,
Ms. Pratt?
Have you convinced Lahey to sign
on to our wrongful death suit?
Uh, I was just going
to come talk to you--
The only appropriate response
there was "yes".
Okay, I was looking over
the brief and realized
we can't effectively
establish damages
without
witnesses testifying
about Nate's relationship
with his father.
We'll use the prison guards
who monitored their visits.
You mean the guards
at the same prison
where Nate Senior
was murdered?
Yeah, uh,
I looked up the statistics
on these types of cases--
most don't succeed
without two or more
unbiased witnesses.
What is this?
Laziness?
'Cause I can easily
hate you at a 10 again.
No, I-I just don't want
to get Nate's hopes up
if we're not gonna win.
You don't need
witnesses to win.
You just need to establish
the basis for punitive damages.
Exactly.
Your 2L just
outsmarted all of you.
I'll knock on Nate's door
myself if I have to.
[papers rustling]
I didn't
mean to overstep.
Your middle name
is overstep.
It's Nate--
I'm just trying to help.
-Well, stop.
-Why?
Is something
going on with him?
How the hell
would we know?
He was at your wedding.
I assumed you guys were tight.
Well, you were
at our wedding.
Do you think
that means we're "tight"?
Right.
-[paper rustles]
-[sighs]
I hate our lives.
Maybe I just
take the hit.
-No, we can solve this.
-I committed misconduct--
-You slept with someone.
-A client.
Nora made that sale
after you told her not to.
-Isn't that true?
-Yes.
Then how is that
your fault?
Because she believed she could
save lives. Literally.
Breast cancer,
Alzheimer's--
she knew that selling
that genetic information
could lead to cures--
-You mean money--
-No, money--
that was
never her thing.
Money's everybody's thing.
She's a female CEO working
in science, Annalise.
I'm just
an entitled white guy
who grew up with every advantage
this world has to offer.
You know, maybe this is my way
to balance the scales a bit.
Y-you think I'm soft.
You're gonna bleed
yourself dry if you keep
putting everyone else's needs
before your own.
You mean
like you do?
You know the times I've gotten
into the most trouble?
When I don't put me first.
[cellphone chimes]
Someone trying
to bleed you dry?
I'll be back
in a bit.
Here.
It's the DNA test
Miller gave to the jury
after the inquest.
Who gave you this?
Just look--
it says my pops' DNA
was found
on the guard's gun.
Miller never presented that
in court.
That's because
prosecutors are allowed
to present evidence
to the jury in private.
He didn't present it,
though.
He had the Bailiff
slip it to them
when we weren't looking.
That's why we lost--
because Miller messed
with this test.
What?
-Even if this test is fake--
-It is.
...there is no evidence that
Miller gave it to the jury.
-Who else would it be?
-The Governor.
-Who Miller
was working for!
-According to you.
Because, literally, that's
the only evidence we have
that Miller actually
did this-- your gut,
which is not enough
to convict a man in court.
I'm sorry. It's not.
After all the times
I've gone along with
-your insane plans...
-I'm not saying
that you're wrong.
Trusted you
every step of the way.
Nate, you are literally
taking a shovel
and digging
your own grave.
-Then that's the risk
I got to take.
-No.
You hear me? No!
You want
to be right here,
otherwise you feel that
the guilt is gonna kill you.
I get it. You're human.
You're right.
But you can't force
something to be true
just because
you want it to be.
Have my back...
or you can get out.
[cellphone ringing]
[cellphone beeps,
ringing stops]
[Engine revs]
Follow me home
How could I ever leave
without you?
I passed!
They can call me crazy!
Follow me home
[Annalise] Your name is on
the Supreme Court win,
not to mention
you're a likable guy.
When he wants to be.
...and you're free
I wish
I could've done more.
No, all is forgiven.
I wasn't a man
at that moment.
I was a bomb
fixed to explode.
- Just follow me home
-[Nate] His one shot
at doing something good.
-[Miller]
You are wrong about this.
-His whole life was pain.
-All he knew!
-I would never hurt
your father.
Now you're gonna feel
that same pain.
-You feel that pain?
-No!
-Now do you feel that pain?
-[blows landing]
-How you feel it now?
-[grunts]
Just watch you go out
Holding you
[engine revving]
Just watch me go out
[Miller] The real?
I already know you.
- It's all for you
-You take
your coffee black.
You hate compliments
and talking about yourself.
And you're free
[Bonnie] I need you to know
I'm complicated.
And that scares me,
'cause this--
-us-- I don't want
to screw it up.
- And you're free
Nothing's screwed up.
You're the bravest person
I've ever met.
And I love you.
[car beeping]
[click echoes]
Follow me home
How could I ever leave
without you?
Follow me home
[sighs]
[cellphone beeps]
[ringing]
[breathing heavily]
[ringing continues]
-[clicks, ringing stops]
-[Frank] Hey.
-Where's Bonnie?
-Resting.
What do you need?
A chain of custody report
on a gun.
She can't
get you that.
What's up?
She not okay?
Don't worry about her.
Just...
stop with
all the digging.
Annalise tell you
to say that?
I'm telling you that,
because I'm worried.
The guy
who does what I do.
So you should
be worried, too.
[line clicks]
[cellphone taps lightly]
We've all done horrible
things, Laurel, you included!
I'm an adult, okay?
I chose to do those things.
Meanwhile, Christopher
can't even walk.
Bonnie said he didn't
see anything!
She thinks he didn't
see anything.
-Can we all just take a breath?
-Look, he's a baby.
-He's gonna be fine.
-He's already not fine.
-How do you know that?
-Because I'm his mother!
-I can tell he's different!
-Why don't I make s'mores?
Okay, you know who else
is different?
Bonnie, okay, who lost
the love of her life.
I lost
the love of my life,
so I will do
whatever I need to do
to make sure
my son is safe.
[Michaela] Hey!
I can hear you
in my room,
which means
Christopher can, too.
Great. So now
I'm traumatizing him, too.
No, that's not
what I meant.
What good does it do
to make Bonnie hate herself
even more than
she already does?
-Come here.
-I'm fine.
No, you're not.
Bring it in.
[Michaela]
Did he wake up?
No.
[sniffling]
Do you think
I'm being crazy?
You're his mom.
It's your job
to be crazy for him.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Maybe I'm just
being paranoid.
Not necessarily.
-Say it.
-[exhales sharply]
[bed creaks lightly]
[sniffles]
I am on your side,
always,
but it is really unlikely
he's gonna remember any of this.
-You don't know that.
-I do.
Uh...
[chuckles]
I was in the same room
with my birth mother
when she was shot.
I was two.
That's why Social Services
took me, and...
[breathes deeply]
...I don't remember
any of it.
Honestly, it's like
it never happened.
So that's how I know
he's gonna be fine.
Because...
look how great
I turned out.
[chuckles]
[breathes deeply]
-I only have
a few minutes.
-I know.
I want to admit
fault tomorrow.
-Stop.
-This was my bad decision.
-It wasn't yours.
-You had
the right intentions.
I know you think you're
doing the right thing.
I did, too. It's why
I let it come this far.
But now
that we're here,
as much as I wish
I could be okay with this,
I can't
let you do this.
You mean more to me
than this company.
You built this company
from nothing,
and I'm just
some lawyer,
so just...
let me do this for you.
At least so I can say
I did something good
for the world.
[breathes deeply]
[knocking on window]
So that's it?
All she has to do
is drop a few crocodile tears,
and you cave?
-That's not
what's happening.
-That's cool. Get yours.
But don't have me
busting my ass for nothing.
She told me not to do it,
Annalise.
-She was
manipulating you.
-No.
It was reverse psychology,
or are you that ignorant?
[sighs]
Don't you--
Don't you want
to die knowing
you lived for something
other than yourself?
Okay, you know what?
Do it.
Be the martyr.
See where that gets you.
[footsteps departing]
[door opens]
[indistinct conversations]
[telephone ringing
in distance]
What's taking
so long?
Your badge number's
not coming up in my system.
Look, all I need is a chain
of custody report on that gun--
not a big deal.
It is if my supervisor
finds out
I gave it to you
without clearance.
I have clearance.
I know you don't work
at the D.A.'s anymore.
So you knew that
this whole time?
That why you stalling?
-You making time
to bury evidence?
-Sir, calm down.
I was on the force
for years.
-You're risking an arrest.
-I know what goes on here.
You're helping cover up an old
man's murder-- you hear me?!
[Agent Telesco]
Mr. Lahey,
I have some agents who would
like to ask you a few questions.
You called them?
Cuffs are only optional
for the next five seconds.
[cellphone vibrating]
Hey.
[Annalise]
Where are you?
Bonnie said that
you were at the FBI.
-Yeah.
-What? Um,
I'm coming right now.
You can't come
anywhere near this.
-And you can't answer
any of their questions.
-[door opens]
I gotta go.
[cellphone beeps]
Miss Keating?
Mr. Crawford needs to see you.
[door closes]
[sighs]
[Tegan] Wait up!
I assume you finally
got to meet
-our little Miss Conduct?
-[elevator bell chimes]
With all the crap
she's giving Crawford,
at least
tell me she's hot.
-She's fine.
-Like, fine, or, like, fine?
What?
She's not your type?
Do you need something?
It's about Nate's
wrongful death suit.
Michaela's been trying
to get his signature.
Well, failing at it--
Stop.
-I'm sorry?
-Nate's not ready
to give up
on the possibility
of a criminal trial.
If we file a civil suit,
we lose,
the opportunity
goes away.
That's the real fight
he's interested in.
O-okay.
I'll stop.
Thanks for your help,
though.
Ms. Pratt?
We need to talk.
Uh, great.
Uh, I-I finally
spoke to Nate.
-You did?
-Yes.
And although he appreciates
all your hard work,
he doesn't want to take on
any more fights right now.
Really?
He doesn't even want
a criminal trial?
Can you blame him?
I mean, he'd be an idiot
to still have any faith
in the system.
-Why are you all lying?
-No one's lying.
I was with Michaela
when she spoke with Nate.
You're all
full of it.
I can't believe
you'd do this to me again.
[door closes]
You're a Boy Scout
or a romantic--
I can't tell which,
but, either way,
I can't stand by and
let you be this firm's bitch.
So here's a way out.
We make Jensen
take the fall.
He's so keen on saving
Nora's company and C&G,
so let's take the sword
he wants you to fall on
and stab him with it.
Huh.
No "huh." Yeah.
It's a great idea.
I agree.
I had the same one.
[Jensen]
What are you thinking?
The bloody deposition's
in five minutes.
The deposition
can continue as planned.
It's just gonna be you
in the hot seat.
-[scoffs] The hell it is.
-Oh, so you're okay
with Nora's company
going bankrupt?
Excuse me?
I might have to
come clean in there.
Well, I told you
I was okay with that.
Yeah, but he's not.
The whole firm
could go belly-up,
and that's why they jumped
at the chance
of using me as a scapegoat
in the first place.
But now we have
a new scapegoat.
Now I see why the board
didn't want you here.
Your crazy's
contagious.
-This was my idea.
-Great,
then I'll be happy
to fire you both.
-That would be
wrongful termination.
-How?
It's retaliatory
to fire Mr. Crawford
on the very day
that he's filing
a "hostile work environment"
claim against you.
I submitted the paperwork
this morning.
Sir?
The FTC's ready to begin.
We need
a few minutes.
[whispering]
I'm not doing this.
Fine.
But I really
did love you.
Pierce gave me
the advice.
Remember?
-[chuckles]
-I asked you
if the sale was legal,
and you said it would clear
all regulatory agencies,
and I trusted you,
because you have so much
experience and power,
and you said,
"Yes, do it."
-You're all mad.
-Hmm.
You realize we're sitting ducks
at the firm now.
I'm used to it.
How about we celebrate?
Dinner on me.
I won't drink.
Isn't your girlfriend
in town?
Ex-girlfriend.
You have to close one door
to open a new one, right?
[Agent Lanford] Why would
the Governor be involved
in D.A. Miller's
disappearance?
Miller's who arranged for
my father's transfer that night.
-You have proof of that?
-It seems like your team
could get better intel
on someone that high up.
You realize how
this sounds, Mr. Lahey.
Tell me.
Approaching
a juror...
Your father's DNA
was on the gun.
...illegally obtaining
the D.A.'s inquest file.
Miller slipped
a DNA test to the jury
during my pops' inquest.
Unfortunately, those aren't
the only erratic behaviors
you've demonstrated
this week.
[Nate] Hey. Wagner.
[both grunt]
That guard was the one
who shot my pops.
What about the episode
in the police station
earlier today?
You call that
stable behavior?
What are you
asking me?
Have you had any mental-health
episodes in the past?
No.
Mental illness runs
in your family, though.
342 days in the SHU
broke my pops.
So you understand
how traumatic events
often trigger
mental illness.
Get a psychiatrist
in here.
I'll prove
I'm not making this up.
They asked me
every question they could,
and I didn't
hold nothing back.
Until they finally
let me go.
After you gave them
your DNA. Why?
To see if it matches
my pops' on the gun.
It won't,
which will prove
Miller doctored that test.
And if it wasn't him?
Hey, come on.
We don't know
he did this, Nate.
Maybe you're right.
Fine.
But you were
protecting me.
[breathes deeply]
That's all.
So no matter what--
whether I'm wrong
about him or right--
we both know
this started with me.
No.
-I did it.
-For me.
So don't even think
about leaving us.
I couldn't live
with that.
[sniffles]
[pounding on door]
[pounding continues]
[keys clink lightly]
Bonnie?
I keep finding myself
- Painting the wall
-[Asher]
Is this about Bonnie?
- I still hate myself
-It's about us.
-We need
to be on the same page.
-[door closes]
-Is Bonnie okay, though?
-Yes.
Well, I'm not.
Did you know?
-Know what?
-About Christopher?
How he was there?
Did Bonnie not tell you?
-No.
-Of course she didn't.
Laurel, we can't deal
with this right now.
-You have to forgive Bonnie.
-No.
[Annalise] She's on the edge.
She'll hurt herself.
Is that what you want?
More blood on your hands?
Try it again,
try it again, kid
I keep finding myself
Pacing the hall
I contain myself
I feel heavy again
I'll be forgiven
in the beginning
[Michaela] Bonnie's not
the only one we need
to be worried about.
There's Tegan, too.
Yeah, she told me about
the wrongful death suit.
Did she tell you
she's all crazy suspicious, too?
Suspicious about what?
Try it again,
try it again, kid
[cellphone beeps]
[rings]
[Agent Telesco]
This is Special Agent Telesco.
-Leave a brief message.
-[cellphone beeps]
Claire, hi.
It's Tegan Price.
-My immunity deal?
-You're listed as Jane Doe
in all the paperwork,
so go to work,
keep your nose down.
No one will know.
I saw you were
back in town.
I wanted to meet up
if you have time.
Call me.
I wanted to meet up
if you have time.
-Call me.
-[clicks]
[breathes deeply]
Mr. Lahey,
have a seat.
Not if you're just
gonna arrest me.
That's not
why we're here.
[Connor] Can we at least
figure out a plan
for when the FBI
calls us?
We don't know that
they're gonna question us.
Nate killed Miller
at our wedding.
Of course they're
gonna question us.
And our parents,
everyone they invited.
Hey.
We don't need a plan--
Why? 'Cause we're finally
gonna turn ourselves in?
No, because
Nate has a plan.
-And it's a good one. Smart.
-What is it?
The Governor
killed Miller.
Say you understand.
We understand.
The rest of you?
-Yes.
-Got it.
Laurel?
Okay.
Good. Now we're
on the same page.
We just got
the DNA results back.
We did what you said.
We checked the DNA
on Officer Gladden's gun
against your own,
which would match your father's.
There was no match.
Which means
you were right--
someone manufactured
those positive results.
Miller.
We're not there yet.
But we have
someone in custody
who we hope will shed light
on Miller's involvement.
[Bonnie] You've reached
Bonnie Winterbottom.
-Please leave a message.
-[Beeps]
Bonnie,
where the hell are you?
Call me back.
[cellphone beeps]
[Bonnie] Frank?
I just didn't
want to sleep alone.
[cellphone ringing]
-[cellphone beeps]
-Hello?
[Cruz] Annalise Keating?
I'm Officer Cruz calling
from the 18th Street Precinct.
We have someone in custody
who claims you're their lawyer.
Who is it?
-It's Nate.
-Or Simon's finally back.
Quiet!
[clicking]
[Gabriel]
Professor Keating?
I think
I need a lawyer.
I'm hoping that's you.